I heard that you've resumed training.
It looks like you've gotten
serious about the race.
Yes! I'm not going to turn away again.
Now I'll be able to take the
Spring Tennoushou seriously.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
T
h
e
N
x
t
D
a
y
The Day After That
And the Day After That
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
The Next Generation
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Taishin
Winning Ticket
Did you see the Satsukishou yesterday?!
Narita Taishin was very impressive.
Episode 8
A Small Wish
Impressive horse girls seem to be
appearing in ever-greater numbers.
Never mind that...
Ta-dah!
Mejiro McQueen's Third Win Looking Likely
Takes the Osaka Hai
This weekend is the Spring Tennoushou!
And Rice is all fired up about
taking you down, McQueen!
Do your best!
Rice has you in her crosshairs, huh?
Yes.
She's been following me around
a fair bit lately, too.
That goes to show she's in serious mode.
All the better. It'll make
the challenge worthwhile.
The Spring Tennoushou is 3,200 meters long.
I'm good at long distances,
but McQueen-san has won it twice already,
so she's got a clear experience advantage.
McQueen-san...
Rice hasn't been coming to school?!
Not for the last two days, it seems.
Do you suppose she's not
going to be running?
No way! There's hardly any time
left before the Tennoushou!
Maybe she's sick? Or she ate something funny?
Like a spider.
No one eats spiders!
I wonder why she's missing, though.
Here
Tracen
Academy
1-on-1
Rice...
Bourbon-san...
How did you find me?
I spoke to the resident assistant,
Hishi Amazon-san.
I didn't think you would leave
without telling someone.
I see.
Mental strength...
I can't compare to McQueen-san in
running ability or experience,
so I need to have a stronger mindset.
To do that, I decided to be alone, so I could
face myself without any distractions.
I think that the mind can
help the body transcend.
The mind can push the body past its limits!
I agree.
I'm going to get back to training.
Right.
Sweets! Sweets! Sweets!
Rice still hasn't come back to school, huh?
No. It's been three days now.
Sweets! Sweets! Sweets!
And Bourbon was missing too, today.
Is it some kind of secret training,
or has she given up?
Sweets! Sweets! Sweets!
I don't think so! I saw
how motivated she looked.
52.9!
Wow!
Looking good!
Yes! I'm feeling more energetic and resilient
than I did in the previous two Tennoushous.
I see!
I'd like to run the incline again, please.
Whoa, isn't twice enough?
Looking good and ready to go!
McNice! McNice!
More... More... More...
More!
Hey! What's up?
No, it's nothing!
What do you think's up with McQueen?
No clue.
But this attempt was even better
than her last one.
It's clear that McQueen is in
as good a shape as ever.
Yeah, you're right.
G-Good question.
Their final tuning is going very well.
There's no way Machi Tan could ever lose!
She already beat Rice Shower once before!
You do know she's beaten
her more than once, right?
What, for real?!
'Kay, people, ask me anything about Palmer!
As her certified bestie, I can tell you
right now she's in GOAT condition!
Palmer FTW!
She's in really good shape.
Yeah, it's impressive.
I think we can count on
McQueen's streak to continue.
Can she become the first to win
three Spring Tennoushous in a row?
I think so. In the condition
she's in, she can handle it.
Thank you!
Any concerns about Rice Shower?
She's apparently been absent
from school for a few days.
Not concerned at all.
No matter who she's up against,
McQueen is focused on her own running.
Tennoushou (Spring)
Kyoto Racecourse
It's hot, so be careful.
Hey, thanks.
McQueen-san...
Last year's showdown between Tokai Teio
and Mejiro McQueen is still fresh
Tennoushou (Spring)
in our memories as we head
into the Spring Tennoushou.
Once again in the spotlight
is Mejiro McQueen,who's aiming
to continue her streak.
Standing in her way is the
Kikkashou winner who thwarted
Closed
Temporarily
Mihono Bourbon's Triple Crown, Rice Shower.
Add to that Machikane Tannhäuser,
who's looking very strong lately,
and there'll be a lot
of stiff competition this year.
Man, McQueen's most popular by a long shot!
Really?!
Does that mean almost everyone is here
to see McQueen's streak continue?
McQueen!
You can do it!
Aims For An Unprecedented Third Win
Mejiro McQueen
The Greatest Stayer In a Generation
Aims For An Unprecedented Third Win
Go!
You've got this!
Mejiro McQueen
How are you feeling?
Perfect, I'd say.
You nervous or anything?
I do feel anxious about needing to win, yes.
You've got a streak to protect, after all.
I will run in a way that
makes me fit to be your goal.
Please, watch me.
Okay.
Good luck!
Running past the stands now is Mejiro Palmer.
She's expected to attempt to outrun
the competition once again.
Keep it hype, girl!
She's been voted fourth most popular.
What do you think that implies, Hosoe-san?
In her last race, the 3,000-meter
Hanshin Daishoten,
she managed to secure a splendid
victory via outrunning.
We can expect to see
a great race from her.
And here we have two other racers
who are looking to win big.
Ikuno Dictus and Machikane Tannhäuser
seem to be in good spirits.
Good luck, you two.
Iku Dis! Machi Tan!
Machikane Tannhäuser is third most popular,
and has been gathering more and more
attention from the fans lately.
She's won her last two races,
and has a lot of momentum.
She's got a good chance at coming
away with this spring's plaque.
I bet she's got a
good race ahead of her.
And number one with a
bullet is Mejiro McQueen!
I think it's fair to say that she's the
horse girl closest to winning this race.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
As the G1 Spring Tennoushou fanfare plays,
the horse girls are now entering the gate.
You can do this, McQueen!
Please win for a third time!
Don't sweat this streak stuff!
That's kinda asking a lot.
That's true.
What's going on?
Huh?
What happened?
Hey...
She's not going in?
What's going on?
Oh, it looks like Mejiro McQueen
hasn't entered the gate yet.
That's odd.
What the heck?
What's wrong with McQueen-san?
It's just like during her training.
Seriously?
What's gotten into her?
McQueen...
McQueen-san...
What is she, a wild animal?
It feels like she's ready to tear me apart.
But I have my own reasons
for winning this race.
Mejiro McQueen is finally inside the gate.
Okay, there she goes!
Show them what you've got, McQueen!
It takes power and stamina in equal measure
to come out on top in this 3,200-meter
trek around the Kyoto Racecourse.
All 15 horse girls are now inside the gate.
And now the Spring Tennoushou...
has...
begun!
Go, McQueen!
...san!
Iku Dis! Machi Tan!
McQueen!
Mejiro Palmer is in front, as expected.
Got this!
Time to outrun! Let's go!
Further out from the
center is Mejiro McQueen,
who's sticking close behind Mejiro Palmer!
Looking good, McQueen!
No...
What's wrong?
They just started!
She can't start chasing Palmer this soon.
That's right, she can't!
No... it's not Palmer she's worried about.
I think it's...
McQueen is currently in fourth place,
and following her closely is Rice Shower,
whose black hair is trailing behind her.
Rice has been on McQueen the whole time.
She's got her marked pretty clearly.
But why not get behind her?
Is she intentionally making her
presence known to McQueen?
McQueen!
McQueen...
The way Rice-san has her marked so
thoroughly reminds me of something.
It's just like when Grass-chan was
closing in during the Takarazuka Kinen.
Really?
I think I see the similarity.
Grass-chan?!
Hello there.
How is Rice-chan like you, though?
I can't say for sure.
But it does feel something like fate.
The 15 horse girls are bathed in cheers
as they cross in front of the stands!
Settle down, McQueen!
Don't worry about anyone else!
Stick to your own pace!
He's right.
I was able to defeat Teio last time
because I focused on my own running.
But...
This pace... isn't suited
to a 3,200-meter race!
I need to let my legs stay cool, so that
I'll have enough to rush to the front!
Go!
2:04?
Whoa, isn't that...
That's two seconds faster to reach the
2,000-meter mark than the last Tennoushou!
Is she gonna be okay with that kind of pace?!
Of course she is.
I have faith.
McQueen's gonna be okay!
Mejiro Palmer is in first place.
She's got a lead of five lengths.
They're now entering the
incline on the third corner.
More! I need to run even more!
As they reach the third corner's incline,
they'll really begin to feel the
Spring Tennoushou's stamina drain!
Whoa, and Mejiro McQueen is
moving up on the outside!
She's entered her spurt!
Here she comes!
She's closing in on Mejiro Palmer!
It's Palmer and McQueen!
But further out, it's Rice Shower!
Rice Shower is moving up, too!
She's not losing her at all!
Is something going on with McQueen-san?
No, it's not McQueen.
Something's going on with her opponent.
Go! McQueen!
McQueen!
Rice...
I want to run with you, too, Bourbon-san.
Go, Rice.
Coming around the fourth corner,
the trio will face off down the final stretch.
Tannhäuser has joined them.
But who will seize the lead?
It's Mejiro McQueen! Mejiro McQueen is in first!
Wait...
On the outside! On the outside!
It's Rice Shower! Rice Shower is closing in!
Look at her go!
This pressure... but I'm not through yet!
Rice Shower has now caught up!
Don't lose, McQueen!
This is McQueen's attempt
at a third championship,
but will we see Rice Shower
thwart another accomplishment?!
Oh, come on, don't do this!
McQueen, you can do it!
Rice Shower! Are you trying
to play the heel again?!
I'm...
not a heel.
I'm a hero!
Rice Shower passes her!
It's Rice Shower! She's in first!
The same Rice Shower who upset
Mihono Bourbon at the Kikkashou!
Rice Shower has taken the lead!
That lead grows from two lengths to three!
And Rice Shower crosses
the goal in first place!
McQueen...
Look at that time!
Record
That's a new record.
McQueen-san...
I knew that she was strong,
but I had no idea.
I'm gonna take Rice down.
Impressive.
Record
A record!
I lost.
What the hell?
She did it again!
I was really looking forward
to McQueen's third win.
Why's this keep happening?!
Unbelievable!
What a disappointment.
I shouldn't have bothered coming.
This is so lame.
Rice...
Congratulations on your win, Rice.
I...
ruined a lot of people's dreams again.
That's what it means to win.
It's a competition, after all.
If someone wins, someone else will
be hurt, and have their dream end.
That's just how it is.
Booing still hurts to hear, though.
It really does.
Being booed is an honor when
you're the challenger.
You don't need to feel bad about it.
But, one day, I'm sure it'll turn into
cheers and words of encouragement.
If you keep winning, I'm sure that will happen.
After all, your name is Rice Shower.
Yeah!
I'll do my best, okay?
I'd expect nothing less from my hero.
McQueen!
Congratulations on your second place win!
What a feast!
It certainly is.
Spe-senpai! Time out for now!
Huh? Where's McQueen?
Good point. It didn't end up being
a celebration, but we still need our star.
Could you go find her, Teio?
Yeah, sure.
Hey.
Take these.
McQueen, you ran a fine race.
Yes, likewise.
It's a shame your streak was broken.
You're bringing that up, too?
Everyone on my team has
been so considerate.
And I'd be lying if I said it didn't bother me,
but I'm not really that upset.
Really? You seemed a bit lonely.
I do feel a bit guilty.
Guilty?
Yes. For disappointing the fans who were
cheering me on, of course,
but for disappointing Tokai Teio in particular.
Teio is working hard to
complete her rehabilitation.
With her goal being to race against me,
an unbeatable horse girl.
And yet, my performance
was less than adequate.
I will run in a way that
makes me fit to be your goal.
McQueen...
Overconfidence in my knack
for handling the race's distance...
A false sense of security,
due to it being my third time...
And most of all, the fact
that I was arrogant enough
to think I was racing for Teio's sake...
It's no wonder I lost.
I was simply less focused
on victory than Rice Shower.
But I won't make the same mistake again.
I need to maintain
my position as the strongest.
At the Takarazuka Kinen, I will win.
McQueen...
My rotation has me running in the Yasuda Kinen,
and then the Takarazuka Kinen.
We'll be racing. And I don't
intend to let you win.
I'm truly blessed.
I have so many rivals...
The Takarazuka Kinen!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm